------WHAT IS MOTIVATION----------

Motivation involves the biological, emotional, social, and cognitive forces that activate behavior. In everyday usage, the term "motivation" is frequently used to describe why a person does something. It is the driving force behind human actions.
You must have heard a lot of people saying i need motivation to lose weight, or motivation to get up early, or motivation to start studying.
Motivation plays an extremely vital role in our daily lives; right motivation can help you go higher from your imaginations. On the other hand, demotivation can push you down than you ever were


------IMPORTANCE OF LANGUAGE------

Language acts as a bridge connecting two people, and in bigger terms it helps in connecting between two countries.
A language barrier means you wont be able to understand their message, in order words, lack of communication. Without communication nothing is actually possible. 
For example, if we take an example of china- pak relation... China wants to use our gawadar port, they want to make a deal or an agreement with Pakistan, Pakistan and china need to have a common.language to join hands; here steps in our international language English.
If a bridge is broken, you cannot actually move from one place to another.....A language is exactly as important as a bridge, without it, you won't be able to communicate with people.
A human is a social animal, we love interaction, we live for interaction actually, how can we interact if we can't even speak their language?


----------MOTIVATION + LANGUAGE LEARNNG-----------

Other research points to potential benefits. A recent field study, for example, suggests that incentives do not always lead to reduced engagement after the incentive ends (Goswami and Urminsky, 2017). Moreover, in some circumstances external rewards such as praise or prizes can help to encourage engagement and persistence.


Now you might be wondering do we also need motivation to start learning something, especially a language? Well of course, you do.

A baby is able to learn talking because his parents keep on appreciating him on just half spoken words. That appreciation and clapping actually motivatives him to do even better and hence here you are all... babies who can talk really well now

Now comes learning a new language.
A new language helps you understand norms and traditions of the particular area.
If we take arabic as an example. An Arabic is a very vast yet beautiful language. If there are people around you who speak arabic or if there is some scholar you admire.... He is actually secretly motivating you to learn his language.

A language helps you understand their lifestyle, their way of expressing emotions, their culture and it will eventually help you feel comfortable in that environment, because of course you will be able to adapt their culture after knowing their language

---------------CONCLUSION-----------------

There are few ways to take motivation. It is actually divided into two main categories. 
Dirrect motivation and indirect motivation

Intrinsic motivation it includes sudden or visible motivation. For example when you watch a movie and they are speaking turkish, or it's a turkish serial... Let's take Ertugral as an example... After watching that series, a lot of people were motivated to learn turkish as they found it really sweet, or simply because the person they idolize speaks that language... Other form is visible... When a person tells you to learn a language along with its advantages, so you get a sudden motivation to start learning one